h2. Facebooker

The original Facebooker gem is here: http://github.com/mmangino/facebooker

This here is only my fork:

* Forked and modified the original 2010 at http://github.com/funkensturm/facebooker
* achieving rails 3 compability from http://github.com/joren/facebooker/tree/rails3
* and the new api cookies code was taken and modified from http://github.com/cbaclig/facebooker

I also took the freedom to delete lots of files I don't need anyway. Like gems and test (haha, just kidding - they are important. I took them out though, because it would take weeks to work with rails 3 and the new FB API, so I just use this whole thing as a plugin which is continuously changing)

Note that something was fishy with the manual signature check. I'm relying on the Rack to do this now, but I don't know whether that's a good idea: http://rails.brentsowers.com/2009/12/signature-verification-does-not-work.html

h2. ORIGINAL LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008-2009:

* Chad Fowler
* Patrick Ewing
* Mike Mangino
* Shane Vitarana
* Corey Innis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
